feat: color: add HSV methods to slint (#4819)
slint-ui/slint: docs/reference/src/language/builtins/namespaces.md

Unlike in CSS, the commas are mandatory.

 - **`hsv(h: float, s: float, v: float) -> color`**, **`hsv(h: float, s: float, v: float, a: float) -> color`**

Return a color computed from the HSV color space. The hue is between 0 and 360.

> The saturation, value, and optional alpha parameter are comprised between 0 and 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The saturation, value, and optional alpha parameter are expected to be within the range of 0 and 1.
```
